here the word which the Lord speaks to
here the word which the Lord speaks to you Oh house of Israel thus says the
you Oh house of Israel thus says the
you Oh house of Israel thus says the Lord do not learn the weight of the
Lord do not learn the weight of the
Lord do not learn the weight of the Gentiles do not be dismayed at the signs
Gentiles do not be dismayed at the signs
Gentiles do not be dismayed at the signs of heaven for the Gentiles are dismayed
of heaven for the Gentiles are dismayed
of heaven for the Gentiles are dismayed at them for the customs of the peoples
at them for the customs of the peoples
at them for the customs of the peoples are futile for one cuts a tree from the
are futile for one cuts a tree from the
are futile for one cuts a tree from the forest the work of the hands of the
forest the work of the hands of the
forest the work of the hands of the workman with the axe they decorated with
workman with the axe they decorated with
workman with the axe they decorated with silver and gold they fasten it with
silver and gold they fasten it with
silver and gold they fasten it with nails and hammers so that it will not
nails and hammers so that it will not
nails and hammers so that it will not topple they are upright like a palm tree
topple they are upright like a palm tree
topple they are upright like a palm tree and they cannot speak they must be
and they cannot speak they must be
and they cannot speak they must be carried because they cannot go by
carried because they cannot go by
carried because they cannot go by themselves do not be afraid of them for
themselves do not be afraid of them for
themselves do not be afraid of them for they cannot do evil nor can they do any
they cannot do evil nor can they do any
they cannot do evil nor can they do any good in as much as there is none like
good in as much as there is none like
good in as much as there is none like you Oh Lord you are great and your name
you Oh Lord you are great and your name
you Oh Lord you are great and your name is great in might who would not fear you
is great in might who would not fear you
is great in might who would not fear you Oh king of the nations for this is your
Oh king of the nations for this is your
Oh king of the nations for this is your rightful due for among all the wise men
rightful due for among all the wise men
rightful due for among all the wise men of the nations and in all their kingdoms
of the nations and in all their kingdoms
of the nations and in all their kingdoms there is none like you but they are
there is none like you but they are
there is none like you but they are altogether dull hearted and foolish a
altogether dull hearted and foolish a
altogether dull hearted and foolish a wooden Idol is a worthless doctrine
wooden Idol is a worthless doctrine
wooden Idol is a worthless doctrine silver is beaten in two plates it is
silver is beaten in two plates it is
silver is beaten in two plates it is brought from Tarshish and gold from
brought from Tarshish and gold from
brought from Tarshish and gold from UEFA's the work of the craftsmen and the
UEFA's the work of the craftsmen and the
UEFA's the work of the craftsmen and the hands of the methyl smith blue and
hands of the methyl smith blue and
hands of the methyl smith blue and purple of their clothing they are all
purple of their clothing they are all
purple of their clothing they are all the work of skilful men but the Lord is
the work of skilful men but the Lord is
the work of skilful men but the Lord is the true God he is the Living God and
the true God he is the Living God and
the true God he is the Living God and the everlasting king at his wrath the
the everlasting king at his wrath the
the everlasting king at his wrath the earth will tremble and the nations will
earth will tremble and the nations will
earth will tremble and the nations will not be able to endure his indignation
not be able to endure his indignation
not be able to endure his indignation thus you shall say to them the gods that
thus you shall say to them the gods that
thus you shall say to them the gods that have not made the heavens and the earth
have not made the heavens and the earth
have not made the heavens and the earth shall perish from the earth and from
shall perish from the earth and from
shall perish from the earth and from under these heavens he has made the
under these heavens he has made the
under these heavens he has made the earth by his power he has established
earth by his power he has established
earth by his power he has established the world by his will
the world by his will
the world by his will and has stretched out the heavens at his
and has stretched out the heavens at his
and has stretched out the heavens at his discretion when he utters his voice
discretion when he utters his voice
discretion when he utters his voice there was a multitude of waters in the
there was a multitude of waters in the
there was a multitude of waters in the heavens and he causes the vapors to
heavens and he causes the vapors to
heavens and he causes the vapors to ascend from the ends of the earth
ascend from the ends of the earth
ascend from the ends of the earth he makes lightning for the rain he
he makes lightning for the rain he
he makes lightning for the rain he brings the wind out of his Treasuries
brings the wind out of his Treasuries
brings the wind out of his Treasuries everyone is dull hearted without
everyone is dull hearted without
everyone is dull hearted without knowledge every metalsmith is put to
knowledge every metalsmith is put to
knowledge every metalsmith is put to shame by an image for his molded image
shame by an image for his molded image
shame by an image for his molded image is falsehood and there is no breath in
is falsehood and there is no breath in
is falsehood and there is no breath in them they are futile a work of errors in
them they are futile a work of errors in
them they are futile a work of errors in the time of their punishment they shall
the time of their punishment they shall
the time of their punishment they shall perish the portion of Jacob is not like
perish the portion of Jacob is not like
perish the portion of Jacob is not like them for he is the maker of all things
them for he is the maker of all things
them for he is the maker of all things and Israel is the tribe of his
and Israel is the tribe of his
and Israel is the tribe of his inheritance the Lord of Hosts is his
inheritance the Lord of Hosts is his
inheritance the Lord of Hosts is his name gather up your wares from the land
name gather up your wares from the land
name gather up your wares from the land o inhabitant of the fortress for thus
o inhabitant of the fortress for thus
o inhabitant of the fortress for thus says the Lord behold I will throw out at
says the Lord behold I will throw out at
says the Lord behold I will throw out at this time the inhabitants of the land
this time the inhabitants of the land
this time the inhabitants of the land and will distress them that they may
and will distress them that they may
and will distress them that they may find itself woe is me for my hurt my
find itself woe is me for my hurt my
find itself woe is me for my hurt my wound is severe but I say truly this is
wound is severe but I say truly this is
wound is severe but I say truly this is an infirmity and I must bear it my tent
an infirmity and I must bear it my tent
an infirmity and I must bear it my tent is plundered and all my cords are broken
is plundered and all my cords are broken
is plundered and all my cords are broken my children have gone from me and they
my children have gone from me and they
my children have gone from me and they are no more there is no one to pitch my
are no more there is no one to pitch my
are no more there is no one to pitch my tent anymore or set up my curtains for
tent anymore or set up my curtains for
tent anymore or set up my curtains for the Shepherd's have become dull hearted
the Shepherd's have become dull hearted
the Shepherd's have become dull hearted and have not sought the Lord therefore
and have not sought the Lord therefore
and have not sought the Lord therefore they shall not prosper and all their
they shall not prosper and all their
they shall not prosper and all their flocks shall be scattered behold the
flocks shall be scattered behold the
flocks shall be scattered behold the noise of the report has come and a great
noise of the report has come and a great
noise of the report has come and a great commotion out of the North Country to
commotion out of the North Country to
commotion out of the North Country to make the cities of Judah Testament a den
make the cities of Judah Testament a den
make the cities of Judah Testament a den of jackals Oh Lord I know the way of man
of jackals Oh Lord I know the way of man
of jackals Oh Lord I know the way of man is not in himself it is not in man who
is not in himself it is not in man who
is not in himself it is not in man who walks to direct his own steps
walks to direct his own steps
walks to direct his own steps Oh Lord correct me but with justice not
Oh Lord correct me but with justice not
Oh Lord correct me but with justice not in your anger unless you bring me to
in your anger unless you bring me to
in your anger unless you bring me to nothing pour out your fury on the
nothing pour out your fury on the
nothing pour out your fury on the Gentiles who do not know you and on the
Gentiles who do not know you and on the
Gentiles who do not know you and on the families who do not call on your name
families who do not call on your name
families who do not call on your name for they have eaten up Jacob devoured
for they have eaten up Jacob devoured
for they have eaten up Jacob devoured him and consumed him and made his
him and consumed him and made his
him and consumed him and made his dwelling place desperate
dwelling place desperate
dwelling place desperate [Music]